# Requests vs Commands

As a data driven fsm the ControlFSM node reacts to events generated by external systems, or to internal events generated by the states themselves. 
The events generated by external systems are mostly goals/actions we want the fsm to perform. The two different type of goal events are requests and commands, and the difference between them can be a bit confusing. 

**Requests** 
Requests are, as the name implies, requests to the fsm to do a certian transition from one state to another. 
If for some reason the transition requested is illegal, the fsm is allowed to simply reject the request without further consequences. 

An example:
If the drone is idling on the ground, it makes no sense to attemp a landing (the drone is already landed). 
A request to transition to landing will therefore be rejected. 

A request will only result in a transition from one state to another.

**Commands**
Commands are more complex than the request. The FSM should do whatever transitions necessary to perform a command without the users interaction.

An example:
If the drone is idling on the ground, and a "land at x y" command is sent to the fsm the drone will have to do the following transitions:
- IDLE -> TAKEOFF
- TAKEOFF -> BLINDHOVER
- BLINDHOVER -> POSITIONHOLD
- POSITIONHOLD -> GOTO
- GOTO -> LAND
- LAND -> IDLE

A command is only rejected if another command is already running (abort before sending new), or if the drone is in a state not part of normal operation


Requests are mostly used internally by FSM, or for debugging purposes.  